okay what's up everybody it's damn close
action Eric's out the camera started a
wood floor project so we got to check
out some really cool nailers usually
Eric gets all the cool neighbors but
this time I said you know what I'm going
to try to find the best nailer I can on
the market and check it out so I did
some research and stuff like that I went
to him people I asked what they use for
rental they just want to know kind of
what's out there and get everybody keep
going with the same name power nail
power nail power now so we decided to
contact power nail and then luckily
they're in the Chicago area also and we
went out and got a factory tour Eric got
to go out there we learned a lot of cool
stuff about how they manufacture these
and probably laughs and stuff like that
and the good thing about it is it's all
made in the USA right here in Illinois
so definitely a cool nailer this is the
Flex 50p basically it's for tongue and
groove flooring and it will allow you to
adjust the tongue up and down kind of go
through that but I'm just gonna give you
guys a couple examples of how we just
nail on some floor wow that's really
cool
he's pretty man yeah I got a lot of cool
cool products man yeah it was cool we're
gonna go over some other stuff see you
next video they got a palm nailer and a
clamp real cool stuff so this thing is
the power 250p what we're gonna do is
we're just gonna throw in some nails
right here and this little piece of wood
we just put it in here come with this
nice hammer duel and they also have
softies on both ends just in case so
basically we have a lever here that's
your safety we're gonna pull that safety
and you're gonna want to hit as hard as
you can what that's gonna do is it's
gonna seat it and it's also gonna drive
the nail okay one thing I also learned
is there's something called a nail
schedule and when I now schedule is how
many nails or cleats you put in the
flooring as you go down the line
you know I like to put one every two or
three inches the good thing about power
nails you can call our 1-800 number let
me talk to them and then
any question they have technical support
there all day they walk me through this
tool it was great so okay so on the
bottom here is your adjustable cleat
basically the included allen key here
you're gonna loosen up these two Allen's
right here and turn this cam dial and
that's gonna adjust it to the size of
the tongue-and-groove floor you're
working on right here's where you load
your cleats now
okay here's like some cleats right here
we actually saw how these were made it
was really cool they're made from like
thick recycled steel so they're green
product so if you're building a
greenhouse this is definitely gonna work
for you okay basically to load some
pleats cause you're gonna need to do is
just pull up on this loader I guess you
call it slide the nails in and that's it
they're in there ready to go plug your
air back in you're ready to shoot like I
said these mailers don't use typical or
rings they use I think they told us like
from space shuttle wasn't it Eric kind
of like that not actually from the space
shuttle but it was like the same design
as the o-rings of the rubber fuel tanks
or whatever basically they're cops
instead of orange so they tend to last
longer you know ask any floor anybody
this flooring constantly they're gonna
tell you that peroneal is one of the
better manufacturers out there and from
the reviews we've got people using it
and from what it's done for me I mean I
have to get definitely here's one
Miller's out there so go ahead and say
company will put their link at the
bottom of the video here don't forget
check out tools in action calm and we're
also gonna have it right up on this I'm
tools in action calm and check out our
Facebook the Twitter page